https://punchng.com/residents-kick-as-police-raid-osun-community-overnight-arrest-six-for-arson/Bola Bamigbola, Osogbo 
Published 13 January 2022

Some residents of Igbaye, a community in Osun State, on Wednesday protested alleged overnight raid on the community where some people were arrested.
They claimed some armed policemen in the early hours of the day forcefully entered some houses in the town and arrested people for undisclosed offences.
Speaking with PUNCH Metro, a resident of the town, simply identified as Adejumo, said after the policemen that carried out the raid had left, many residents stormed the street in protest of the action of the security men.
Adejumo said, “The policemen carrying arms came in the early hours of the day and started attacking people sleeping in their homes. Before they entered some of the houses, they damaged doors. 
“Many people were arrested and we don’t know the offence those arrested committed. We are all out protesting against the action of the policemen. We want them sanctioned.”
Igbaye community had been in crises since 26th December, 2021, after a fight broke out during a carnival celebration, and one person was shot dead, while the palace of Onigbaye, Oba Joseph Okunlola-Oni, was torched and some vehicles in premises also razed.
But when contacted for reaction, the spokesperson of Osun Police Command, Yemisi Opalola, confirmed that police operatives effected arrest of some suspects in the town in the early hours of the day.









 Read Also Policemen protest demolition of illegal structures in Rivers barracksLow turnout from South-East, Lagos as 81,005 apply for police job nationwideRecruitment: Police extend online registration by 10 days 
She said, “Six people were arrested in the early hours of Wednesday in the town. The suspects were apprehended for arson and malicious damage. Efforts to effect their arrest during day time proved futile, and the operatives involved carried out the arrest according to rules guiding such operation. No one was molested.”
Meanwhile, Osun State Muslim Community, has said the unrest in Igbaye town has no religious undertone and called on feuding parties to allow peace reign.
A statement signed by the president, Osun State Muslim Community, Alhaji Mustafa Olawuyi, obtained in Osogbo, further read, “Therefore, the Osun State Muslim Community hereby calls the feuding parties to allow peace reign to aid rapid development of the ancient town of Igbaye.
“We appeal to the community to allow government’s swift intervention and security operatives’ efforts to yield good results.”
Copyright PUNCH.All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]